Decomposition:

I will approach this problem by dividing the floor plan into 3 rectangular wings, as opposed to calculating the perimeter and area
of every component individually. This should make it easier to code and easier to comprehend. I will create three equations each
for area and perimeter. The sum of the area equations will be used to find the cost per square foot of area and the sum of the 
perimeter equations will be used to find the cost per foot of perimeter. The sum of the costs will yield the total house cost.
For the solar panel, I will use the already-calculated right side of the house as the length of the rectangular panel and use the 
cosine function to calculate the width of the panel. The two quantities will be multiplied to each other, and then to insolation
and efficiency, pending proper conversions.



Recipe:

The objective of of this program will be to calculate two outputs. 
The first output is cost. The cost of a house with a specific floor plan will be calculated. 
The cost is dependent on perimeter and area, both of which are dependent on the width of the living room, the number of normal-sized 
bedrooms, the width of these bedrooms, the length of these bedrooms, the width of the master bedroom, and the length of the master 
bedroom. 
Rather than calculate the perimeter and area of each room individually, the house can be visually split up into three wings, each a 
regular rectangle. Wing 1 will include the garage and kitchen/living. Wing 2 will include the master bedroom and master bath. Wing 
3 will include the two normal-sized bathrooms, the hallway, the office, and however many normal-sized bedrooms the buyer wants. The 
area of each wing can be calculated using the formula for area of a rectangle: length * width. For wing 1, that involves multiplying 
the garage width (24') by the sum of the garage length (22') and the width of the kitchen/living. For wing 2, that involves multiplying 
the length of the master bedroom by the sum of the width of master bathroom (12') and the width of the master bedroom. For wing 3, that 
involves multiplying the sum of the hallway length (4') and bedroom width by the sum of the office length, bathroom length (24'), and 
total length of the normal-sized bedrooms. The perimeter can be calculated by simply adding up the edges that are not shared (i.e. any
side that faces away from the house). Because this is a fairly easy addition calculation, I will not provide detail on how to calculate 
it. Finally, to calculate the final cost, you must multiply the cost per foot of perimeter by $80 and the cost per square foot of area 
by $100. The sum of the two quantities is the total cost of the house.
The second output is solar power. The solar power generated by the house's solar panels will be calculated.
The power is dependent on area, insolation, and efficiency. The latter two components are given, so only area must be calculated. The 
area of the solar panel is dependent on width and length. The width is dependent on the office length, the number of normal-sized bedrooms, 
the width of these bedrooms, the length of these bedrooms, and the length of the master bedroom of the house. The length can be calculated
using the width and the given angle. Using trigonometry (convert angle from degrees to radians and use cosine function) to calculate the 
length of the panel and using the previous calculations to get the width, the two quantities can be multiplied to give the area of the solar 
panel. The insolation, after being converted from square meters to square feet, can be multiplied by area and efficiency to give the total 
solar power generated.